Java 1.9.0: Grounding via Sharepoint (#128)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-java/orchestration/chat-completion.mdx

In this example, the AI model is provided with additional context in the form of grounding information.

### Grounding via SharePoint

> Another way to provide grounding data is by storing files in a SharePoint and use that as the base for the grounding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files stored in a SharePoint can be used as the base for the grounding.
```

A guide on how to setup a SharePoint for this can be found in this [SAP wiki](https://wiki.one.int.sap/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=AI&title=SharePoint+with+client+credential).
In order to then use the SharePoint for grounding in your code, you can add its corresponding data repository ID to the `DocumentGroundingFilter` object.

```java

> var dataRepositoryId = "SharePoint ID here"
> var filter =
>     DocumentGroundingFilter.create()
>         .dataRepositoryType(DataRepositoryType.VECTOR)
>         .dataRepositories(List.of(dataRepositoryId))
>         .searchConfig(GroundingFilterSearchConfiguration.create();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var dataRepositoryId = "SharePoint ID here";
var filter =
    DocumentGroundingFilter.create()
        .dataRepositoryType(DataRepositoryType.VECTOR)
        .dataRepositories(List.of(dataRepositoryId))
        .searchConfig(GroundingFilterSearchConfiguration.create());//why not remove entirely the search config?
```

Reviewer: doesn't compile

>         .searchConfig(GroundingFilterSearchConfiguration.create().maxChunkCount(1));

Reviewer: Explain what is max chunk 1

var groundingConfig = Grounding.create().filters(filter);
var prompt = groundingConfig.createGroundingPrompt("What is the information stored in the sharepoint?");
var configWithGrounding = config.withGrounding(groundingConfig);

> return client.chatCompletion(prompt, configWithGrounding);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var result = client.chatCompletion(prompt, configWithGrounding);
```
